docs: Updating the reference docs (new workspace) (#1346)
recognai/rubrix: docs/reference/webapp/dataset_list.md

# Dataset list

![Screenshot of the Workspace page](../../_static/reference/webapp/workspace1.png)

The _Dataset list_ page is mainly a **filtrable, searchable and sortable list** of **datasets**.
It is the **entry point** to the Rubrix web app and is composed of the following three components.

## Search bar

The "_Search datasets_" bar on the top allows you to search for a specific dataset by its name.

> ## Dataset list

Reviewer: Let's rename this to 'Dataset table', otherwise we have to titles named 'Dataset list'
```suggestion
## Dataset table
```

> In the center of the page you see the list of datasets available for **your user account**.
> The list consists of following columns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the center of the page you see a table with datasets available for **your user account**.
The table consists of following columns:
```
